i think that the first impactful act of charity that is did this lent was how i helped my sister with her homework at least one day every week. i know that this act of charity was very impactful on her because she later told me that is
was very helpful towards her especially because she didnt understand what the homework was trying to teach her. something that surprised me was that she thanked me for helping with her homework and that she told me that it helpedher. i 
was surprised by this because she doesn't always thank me for some of the things that i do and it really made me feel better and encouraged me to contunue doing it for every week, knowing that it had a positive impact on her. this
act of charity would affect my relationship with my sister in a very positive way. it would affect it in a positive way because after lent she would still continue to want and ask for my help with her homework. this is positive because 
she would then want my help with other things which would eventually lead to a very helpful and kind relationship between the two of us. the experience of giving doing this act of charity made me feel good and happy after i did it. these 
thoughts adn emotions happened even before she told me that she apreciated me for helping her. this is another thing that makes doing acts of charity especially good because you don't even need someone's aproval to fell good about the 
things you have done.

i think that the second impactful act of charity that is did this lent was when i helped austin in the other class with his science fair. i helped him by explaining how to sign up for the science fair, by making a 3d model of the earth so
he could use it in his presentation and by giving him advice and feedback on his presentation. i think that he felt thankful for my help afterwards because before he didn't understand how to do a few different thing but after i 
explainied it to him and helped him with the 3d model i think that he would at least appreciate my help. helping austin with his science fair made me feel good because i know that it really helped him and that it cleared up many 
confusions about some things like the sign up process. some thing that surprised me was that he didnt thank me or anything for how i helped him, but this doesn't mean that he didn't appreciate my help. i know this because he has lately 
been more kind and helful towards me and the things that i do. this meand that he did appreciate what i did but just didn't tell me verbaly. this event had a positive impact on our friendship because it would mean that he would ask me
for help with other things that he is confused about like other projects. this would be a positive addition to our frienship, because it would lead to a positive relation where if i needed help with something, then he would 
help me with it. this overall would be the start of a healthy and friendly frienship where we help one another whenever we need it.

i think that the third impactful act of charity that is did this lent was how i helped ethan hardie code things for the many different things that he makes. i helped him code a game of snake, made him a bot to win a game and helped him
mae his own bot for another game. i know that he felt thankful for me halping him with his coding needs because after each time he told me how much of a help i was and how it really helped him understand how to code his own things. 
helping ethan and teaching him different code languages and how to code in them made me feel good. it made me feel good because i know that it was something very helpful for him and that he appreciated it because it really got him
going in his feet to knowing how to code and coding all of the things that he wants to do. one thing that surprised me was that ethan didn't know how to code and how he was very confused at first. this in particular confused me because
ethan has always been known for all of the crazy cool things he can do and it made me feel good knowing that i tought the smart person how to do something that could really benifit him in the future. this act of charity made my 
friendship with ethan better because it shows that we each have our own things to teach eachother and that we could all use some help sometimes. this would also better our relationship with one another because it would premote us to 
share our thoughts and interests with eachother to teach one another about new and different interesting topics. this overall would improve our already healthy relationship with one another so that we can continuse to grow as good friends.

i think that the fourth impactful act of charity that is did this lent was when i went on walks and talked with my friend pierre. we talked about our different interests, our thoughts on many things that are curretly happening and just
how our lives are going in general. i think that pierre felt thankful for me talking to him because he acted really nice and understanding about the things i talked about and how i was feeling about school and covid. i also think this 
because he acted really nice and relatable even after we stopped talking, like when we played on the computer afterwards. talking with pierre about our thoughts on different things and our lives made me feel good. it made me feel good 
because it always feels good to open up about verious topics and share our opinions and allowed me to fell more comfortable sharing my opinions with other people. one thing that surprised me was how he also wanted to open up about 
different things and made him feel more open. this act of charity made my friendship with pierre better because it made both him and i feel more comfortable talking about those sort of things with eachother. it would also be good for 
our friendship because it would make us feel more comfortable talkig about other topics and to open up to one another without being embarrased. this overall would improve our already healthy and happy frienship with one another so we can
continuse to grow in our friendship through sharing or thoughts through conversation.